# N-BEATS-Forecasting- Implimentation of N-BEATS algorithm in electrical load forecasting of BC hydro
Recently a paper has been published in ICLR 2020. Out of 784 ranked conferences, the CORE 2021 conference ranking assessment of the ICLR conference positioned ICLR in the top 7% of academic conferences, with ICLR receiving the highest-ranking assessment of an A*. This paper is called N-BEATS: NEURAL BASIS EXPANSION ANALYSIS FOR INTERPRETABLE TIME SERIES FORECASTING (link- https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.10437v4) . 
N-BEATS is a a deep neural architecture based on backward and forward residual links and a very deep stack of fully-connected layers. The architecture has a number of desirable properties, being interpretable, applicable without modification to a wide array of target domains, and fast to train. The proposed architecture has been tested on several well-known datasets, including M3, M4 and TOURISM competition datasets containing time series from diverse domains. It demonstrated state-of-the-art performance for two configurations of N-BEATS for all the datasets, improving forecast accuracy by 11% over a statistical benchmark and by 3% over last year's winner of the M4 competition, a domain-adjusted hand-crafted hybrid between neural network and statistical time series models. 
This project is a implementation of N-BEATS network architecture. Here a vanilla N-BEATS model has been used to perform a univariate forecasting on BC Hydro’s year 2020 data set. A python library package called darts has been used to create N-BEATS network.
